A Paris
That is all the fixed assets of the Yue family plus current assets
This you trash
How could you possibly take it out?
Impossible Nothing is impossible
The world is out of your sight
If you want to blame it, you can blame the Ye family for looking at people like a low bear
I'll give Dynasty another 100.
You tell all the families in the provincial capital
Night market group's three major industries change jobs
Now is the time for sin
Who can return the Ye family?
This 100 is the bounty
I've always wanted to taste the taste of a bounty family
fuck off
I thought he was a soft persimmon at your mercy
Right
Silly so no one knows
Come on, I'll kill them all
The Ye family is about to face bankruptcy
Your boss.
It is possible that your salary will not even be paid.
If you would like to join Dynasty Entertainment
The points given to you by the Ye family
I drive ten times
Don't be fooled by them.
Kill them and I will speak ten times
Ha ha.
To show my sincerity
I brought the meet